Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 5, 2024.

At 21M Club, we’re strongly committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.

This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) covers your access and use of this website, coinmarketcap.com (the “Website”), as well as associated content, software, and mobile applications (collectively, the “Service”).

This Privacy Policy explains when, why and how we collect and use personal information about people who visit our Website or use our Services, the conditions under which we may disclose your personal information to others, and how we keep your personal information secure.

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. By using our Website or our Services, you are agreeing to be bound by this Privacy Policy.

What Information Do We Collect?
21M Club (“21M Club”, “we” or “us”) collects (a) the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via email; (b) aggregate information concerning what pages users access or visit; (c) information given by the user (such as survey information and/or site registrations); and (d) information related to your use of the Website and/or the mobile application, including IP address, Device ID, geographic location, and date and time of your request; (e) any other information that you might provide voluntarily. We might also collect your email address and your Wallet ID if you decide to participate in one of our campaigns.

We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18. By using the 21M Club service, you are representing that you are at least 18 years old.

How Do We Use the Information?
21M Club uses collected information for the following purposes:

To fulfill a contract or take steps linked to a contract such as processing your registration on our Website or sending you information about changes to our terms or policies;
Where it is necessary for purposes which are in 21M Club legitimate interests such as (a) to provide the information or content you have requested; (b) to contact you about our programs, products, features or services; (c) to improve our services and for internal business purposes such as identification and authentication or customer service, portfolio tracking and user preference syncing between devices; (d) to ensure the security of our Website, by trying to prevent unauthorized or malicious activities; (e) to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and other policies; (f) to help other organizations (such as copyright owners) to enforce their rights; and (g) to tailor content, advertisements, and offers for you or for other purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information about our programs, products, features or services, you can opt-out of marketing communications.
Where you give us consent, such as (a) where you ask us to send marketing information to you via a medium where we need your consent, including alerts via mobile push notifications; (b) where you give us consent to place cookies and to use similar technologies; and (c) on other occasions where we ask you for consent, for any other purpose that might arise.
Where we are legally required to do so. We may also provide access to your personally identifiable information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors of the Website or the public. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose.
How Do We Share Your Information?
We do not sell your personal data to other organizations for commercial purposes. We only share your personal information to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:

When it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms of Service, available at https://trade21mclub.com or as otherwise required by law.
We provide personal information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf and provide us with services. When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We provide such information to third parties who have entered into non-disclosure agreements with us.
We provide such information to a company controlled by, or under common control with, 21mclub for any purpose permitted by this Privacy Policy.
We may aggregate, anonymize, and publish data for statistical and research purposes only. For example, we may compile and share information related to the popularity of certain products tracked by users. In any such instance, the information will not be able to be traced back to any individual.
Events
In connection with events, 21mclub collects your a) prefix, b) name, c) email address, d) company name, e) role, f) job level, g) industry, h) state and country, i) LinkedIn profile, j) card payment details and k) billing address. We collect this data from you to facilitate the ticketing process, to engage in internal analytics, for internal CMC marketing purposes and for external marketing by a third party, the event sponsors. The following data is shared with event sponsors: your a) name, b) title, c) company and d) email address. The following data is shared with the event platform: a) all details that are inserted into the registration form by you, the event attendee, and b) your payment details.

Security
We take precautions to ensure the security of your personal information. We ensure that our Website is protected by reasonable security measures afforded by current technology, and that all our data hosts and servers are similarly protected by such security measures, including but not limited to firewalls. We strongly advise you to change your password frequently and not to use the same password for different websites. We cannot protect, nor does this Privacy Policy apply to, any information that you transmit to other users. You should never transmit personal or identifying information to other users.

Retention of Your Personal Information
We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the Services requested by you and others, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide the Services or until you ask us to delete it or your account is deleted, whichever comes first. Additionally, we may retain information from deleted accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the Terms of Use, and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

EU and EEA Users’ Rights
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you generally have the right to access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited circumstances.

You have the right to access your personal data and, if necessary, have it amended, deleted or restricted. In certain instances, you may have the right to the portability of your data. Please submit a request through our request form (option 20 - Account and Personal Data Deletion or 21 - Data Privacy Request) to fulfill any requests relating to your data subject rights.

You can also ask us not to send marketing communications and not to use your personal data when we carry out profiling for direct marketing purposes. You can opt out of receiving e-mail newsletters and other marketing communications by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those e-mails. Transactional account messages will be unaffected even if you opt out from marketing communications.

Complaints
Should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), please raise a request through our request form (option 20 - Account and Personal Data Deletion or 21 - Data Privacy Request). If our reply is not satisfactory, you have the right to raise a concern with your local supervisory authority, depending on where you are located.

Your California Privacy Rights
21mclub may have collected, used, and shared, for business purposes, personal information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. Each category of data may be used by 21mclub or shared with third parties also as described in this Privacy Policy. Residents of California have the right to request access to and deletion of the information 21mclub holds about them. Such requests may be submitted through our request form (option 20 - Account and Personal Data Deletion or 21 - Data Privacy Request). 21mclub will not sell your personal information without your consent. 21mclub will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under CCPA. Specifically, we will not: Deny access to our Services; Charge a different rate for the use of our Services; or, Provide a different quality of service.